I was just showing this to somebody. That's why I'm, like, shocked and campaigns. Everything is exactly the same. He definitely took notes. Yeah. He's in a lot of work.

Yeah.

Not the brand dashboard. The brand experience. Okay. Okay, I'll go back.

Oh, get out of here. Go back to you.

Okay. So, home. Ready to decide. Package direction test Minimal label plus 16 points Voter Minimal label I guess that's the Oh that's the Got it That was the Started voter journey Started 1486 Q1 Okay So we could show the drop off Over time Source performance Oh is this the subdomain Like packaging Subdomain?

It's like wherever they shared the polls or the I know I know but this first one it says website embed packaging so I got to think that that would be the packaging page on the website or I don't know it doesn't matter QR a shelf talker okay creator blam was in for it votes completion date okay what changed okay your results okay sign sort oh that's interesting like if you forgot one yeah that's cool yeah that's cool Okay, wait, I don't know, hang out, I don't understand. Assigned source, isn't this the source? Like if you had another, if you wanted to add another creator, because you forgot to add them earlier on. On this campaign. Yeah. But no, this is a source, you guys. I'm adding a source. So if we say unassigned sources. Oh.

So what happens if you, yeah, hit a sign.

Then it drops it down here. Oh, interesting.

Not entirely the least, sure, of that use case. But, okay, fine, whatever. Share and embed, that's clear. JavaScript, that's all clear. Okay.

Is the campaign setting name, key date? Okay.

Fine, fine, fine. Well, we don't want any of that, do we?

Oh, we said Enterprise could set their termination date or not. I think we should just leave it. I think it should be just fixed.

I think we said Enterprise can set it, give them flexibility. Yeah, just ongoing. Okay. um status is active okay fine there i have comments on this but it's not really worth commenting and just like allow them custom uh i would prefer to have it see people are stupid like i'd rather be like you got a choice three seven or ten days that's it done i wouldn't do any of that until somebody comes and says hey can we run it permanently then we'd like okay we'll activate it but hide the hide the custom for now yeah i would hide custom and no end although maybe not no end No end might make sense if you just permanently have it on your website. Although, yeah, but it's campaign driven. It's not the widget driven, right? I think if we're going to train people on what Post actually is best used for, then maybe we hide no end at first and get people to ask us for it. Okay, cool. Fine. It's a small thing anyway. Okay, moving on. Post. What's the headline? These are actual active, scheduled, and drafts. We have filters up there. We search posts. We look at one.

That's funny. I was looking for that. There it is. Right there you guys.

Okay. This is a bit busy. I don't think that we need to have these that big.

Right? It's one post. I would rather see it more like, do we really need them this big? Right. Like just like a cross. Yeah, right?

Not too dissimilar to something like, let's see. Um, this one. Oh, these one also big, uh, but they're not as big. Okay.

Uh, okay, fine. So that's the posts. Um, this is what I'm confused about is you got to pick your campaign first to go to those posts. No, because campaigns are, contain a bunch of posts and the results of campaign and then posts are just the individual posts.

That makes sense.

Um, okay, so if we'd take a campaign here, this one has four, right? Mm-hmm. There I got a slight problem because I could never actually see the damn pulse or I got to go there and then I see the four. Oh, okay. Yeah, that seems superfluous. But okay, fine, small detail.

I don't, why did you say superfluous? I mean, you need to have two separate pages for this. No, you don't. You can quit all that on one page. These don't need to be that big.

Yeah, they don't need to be that big. This is just a total waste of real estate right here. But you're going to run 10 campaigns, maybe. You need to see the campaigns on the overview. And you can click in to see what those post campaigns are on the posts tab. Yeah, but we're inside of one campaign right now. Oh, okay. I think it's at campaign creation, where if you had already created like four posts, for example, you can pull in those posts into a campaign. I see. So you create the unit and then you... Yeah. What am I looking for? Yeah, if I recall correctly. Got it. This is a little strange up here, isn't it? Oh, like if you want to end it early. yeah but it's like way over here i don't know like i don't know if that would be where i would put that you know what i mean maybe hide it in settings or something or at the bottom no no no i'm okay with it being visible it just i don't know okay whatever it's it's an important place to have a cta yeah it's kind of weird i don't know whatever let's see what we got on share code via share link you embed code okay so the opposite is there okay um post message settings settings we already saw oh this is different okay campaign setting oh no this the same sorry okay got unpublished to draft okay moving on distribution 19 active sources 10,000 whatever so that's your overview i don't understand this on a sign business sign let's see what we go sign it's company my assumption is is that if you put a QR code with the like wrong wrong campaign you You can fill it out so it wouldn't impact your overarching campaign stuff, right?

That is right, but I've got to set the premise to begin with. Don't we generate the QR code?

We, I actually don't know if we do, but because they could generate their own QR code, right? Well, I'd prefer that they don't, right? They should, I mean, anything that's shared via QR code as a post, I think it would be, yeah, I don't think we should be using like a third party. How would that work? So I have a QR code and then I point that QR code. Sorry, go on. Yeah. I mean, if you, if they have a link to the post, they could build their own QR code that goes to the post link, right? I think is it also like, okay, I change my, I don't want to use QR codes anymore, but I've already sent it out into the world. So I want it unassigned from the campaign so that it's not attributed. It doesn't affect my campaign results. I see. I see, I see.

Okay, that's a little convoluted, but fine. Or, like, I gave it to an influencer, and now we have a terrible relationship, and I don't want his results assigned to my campaign anymore.

Okay.

Okay. Fine. Moving on. That was distribution. So, I guess what's missing from me here, let's go back home.

I need attention. Can I click on these?

Is that saved? Do I have to save this? No. So if we go back. that should be gone right okay plan a campaign nothing is planning plan for summer fancy food show no campaign or post is attached to this key date yet okay i guess they we got the date from their media calendar or something yeah i wonder if you scroll down if you can decide which dates are actually important on that calendar for you um get back to school two or three tests if i think Because that's where it's pulling the calendar So where the dates are coming from, right? Yeah, yeah, yeah. So the question is, let's see this.

That takes you to the post.

This one, that should also... So these are actually post, I guess, huh? This one is running. This one is not running. May you take it?

Decided. Okay, so campaign closed. Yeah, so if it's closed, it's going to be purple. Like a faded. Running it's green. Yeah. Good color. Yeah, we could change the color. I know. Product launch week. Product launch week. So what do we do with those? Anything?

That's off the screen. New campaign, new post. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Uh, let's be showing off. This is audience analytics. Oh, can you click the date in the upper right corner manual? Can we set that? Okay. We need some more customization there, right? You want date range? Yeah. Like, we should be able to decide what date range you want to view. Yeah, yeah, age gender coming soon. Of course we didn't come coming soon. Yeah, that's not happening.

Yeah, I don't need to tell anybody coming soon. So those should just go. Or maybe the point is like, oh, we can tease out some more analytics or audience analytics that they can ask for, I guess.

Yeah, again, it kind of commits us to something that we're not even sure that we want to do. Okay. If you end up with the kid in the candy store He's like, oh, I do want a lollipop. And we're like, we're not doing lollipops. He's still going to be like, oh, you said you were going to do lollipops. You know, until we know, we don't know.

Okay, so audio. Okay, sorry, let me go back to this, guys.

Okay, well, that's loaded. So here, we got here, we got followers, previous real case, we got general analytic. Oh, that's not home. Sorry, there's all.

Create a follow-up post for Holiday Creative. So that's actionable. you have three active decisions so I like these graphics a little bit more recent recommendations team notes okay holiday creative that was a post again weird graphics here modern holiday is your national winner create follow up post that's board that's the campaign those are kind of cool audience is again an overview give you a breakdown of channel These are not clickable.

This would be cool if these were clickable, huh?

Team is team. That's pretty clear. We don't have that on the other one, I don't think. In Settings, that's your Nike org. We have it under Settings, and it's like, yeah, Workspace, Team Access, modules. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, nice. Embedded appearance. Okay, very nice.

Okay.

Has anybody worked with Clavio? I did for a bit. Yeah? Yeah. Spend read cost pervoter Spend week cost provoder by channel show data only after the app platform is actually Do we want the embed appearance at the campaign level or like at the post level instead of overarching? I think it should be at the well okay you're not wrong if you're McDonald's bad example but I'll use it McDonald's for a Super Bowl post will look different than for a Halloween post. So I do agree with you there. But is that an MVP feature? Or do we wait for somebody to come back and be like, hey, we've been baking this in, but we're going to do this thing with Louis Vuitton and we'd like to get, you know, LVMH plan branding on there, whatever. So I'd rather wait for them to ask for it or it's a, it's a future feature instead of like over-featuring it. That's just my two sense. If you guys disagree, tell me, because it's an easy ad. It's not a big deal. it's just that that that spec will now be attached instead of it being attached to Nike it'll be attached to the campaign so it does become a little bit more heavy let's call it I I think at this point like anything for new development should go as a future feature I feel like yeah I feel like we should clean up get these last few things and then like really start like testing for launch launch work yeah i totally agree um total takeaway from max's work i think we're like 90% there 80% there um i wouldn't mind if you guys you guys all have access to that v resell thing i did right the one i was just bouncing back and forth name no um it's right i'll share we um i'm not married to mine okay let's get that straight i'm not defending mine in any way shape or form i'm just trying to make sure that the workflow makes sense so maybe um uh i mean do we wait to get feedback from max because he's going to tell us things like this is a work in progress don't get married to it i'm going in that direction like we don't know how far baked it is right now as far as what we're seeing right um so i think where we left off was him and Alex we're going to get together quickly today as well to review this and that we're going to come together Wednesday with our feedback and their feedback on this dashboard. Awesome, Ng. Perfect. All right. Cool. Fine. Nang, I intentionally didn't add you to that meeting tomorrow, by the way, obviously, because you're busy this week. But just so you know, I didn't mean to exclude you. I was going to put on there like, Neing is not going to make it, but I'm like, I don't need to announce that to the world. I'm not going to make it, guys. yeah um so uh so just so you know yeah on that on that sDR company um that's what we're doing there um so for wednesday yeah i mean i liked i liked alex's feedback uh on the last call because he was like hey you know this is still not quite telling me from a i'm just going to assume you guys are our enterprise customers unless they're as sharp as like you know Paul and his friends who he brought us, like Andrea and Monique, we just have to assume they're going to be retarded. Okay. So let's just make sure our dashboard is retarded proof. And that's really where I'm trying to get at, right? Like you get there, just like your Wells Fargo account. Hey, you haven't signed up for a paper tray or whatever, right? Bam, do that, right? That kind of shit. The more of that we have, the better. And so, Elizabeth, you're pretty good at stuff like that. as far as, like, showing, like, you know, what the gaps are or no? The gaps. For a, for a cohesive user experience. Um, yeah. I mean, that, you know, UI is definitely part of the content experience. I also think that, um, even if users aren't stupid, we are training them for how to apply pulsed to the right use case scenario because I think a lot of people are still going to come on board thinking it's polling or thinking it's surveys or thinking it's whatever. And so how do we how do we create boundaries and what they can do so that we can then train them to get them to understand where it fits in their in their analytics stack? Because it's not traditional analytics. And it's also not traditional research either. And so we have to, we have to narrow the scope of what they're able to do when they first come on so that when we release features later, they are already in the mindset of how to use pulsed. Because otherwise we're going to have problems with people just not using it in the right way. Like you don't get the results that you're promised because you're using it stupidly. You know? Like, yeah. And so kind of like how when Facebook first came out, the status update had, it was Elizabeth Wallace is. And you had to like, do you guys remember way back in 2005 when that was like, because we had never done status updates before. And so it had to teach us how to think of our lives in terms of status updates. And so now that everything in social media revolves around that initial, you know, all the captions on Instagram are status updates. And everything in TikTok has a. like it's but you had to have that initial boundary to get people to think of life like a site and so that's how that's how we have to do it too like where everything needs to narrow down into what people can use effectively for pulsed um because then they're going to be excited about it because it gets them what they want and then how did that how does that turn into a ux thing right that's exactly why i'm asking you well and so some of that is going to be the dashboard so us deciding, for example, not to let them initially run a campaign endlessly because in most use cases, that's going to dilute the result because there's a narrow use case where you would have an unlimited poll, but most of the time it's just going to skew your data further and further and further off track. And so we don't give it to them that first time. Like you can run a poll for three days, seven days. Okay, so that's all fine. So my, I, so, you nailed it i'm trying to get to when you get on there that you have concluded decisions that you were going to make you have concrete things that came back and i'm trying to promote you to think the next phase of whatever you're asking and of course if you're a new customer i need you thinking as like what decision do we need to make so is there um is there a help me text yes and that walks you through, like here's a post that Joe Schmoe set up. They're a tennis shoe company. They asked these questions you know, like a little whatever side tab. I don't know that you could go kind of see this example, right? And say, here, these guys didn't know whether they should launch a women's shoe or an off-road or, you know, a hiking shoe or whatever. They went and asked their audience. They don't have, they have like less than 10% women and all their guys wanted the hiking shoe. So they went with the hiking shoe, right?

So So, this is where, I think this is where our company makes a difference, right? You actually have real decisions. The phase two of that, by the way, let's just always keep this in our, I was going to say, rearview mirror, but it's actually in our headlights, that we want people to think about, about, oh, shit, sorry, brain fart. We want people to think about things in an incremental. way, right? Do I launch this thing in L.A.? Okay, let's break that down. You want to go to L.A. Do you, are you okay with traffic? Does the weather piss you off? Does the liberal mindset piss you off? Does the taxes piss you off? Okay, well, sounds like you should not go to L.A. because you're just going to be pissed off, right? If you're like, I'm a billionaire and I have a chauffeur and I fly a helicopter, you know, okay, L.A. is cool for you, right? So I'd like to have that clear, like you're making a decision. using this platform and you mister need to think of this in an incremental way not like a one one and even even the idea of you ran this pulse it was inconclusive so i'd like to tell you you might want to ask these other questions because you've got a 5149 result which is not anything we want to hang our hat on so anyway just the point is that it's maybe there's a all iterative. Maybe I just know too much and I just want the thing perfect from day one, but I think that might be naive. And so we say what is literally the MVP on this, right? And I don't know who we could ask. And if you have anybody that's sitting in front of this shit, like at a brand level, it would be great to get their input. If not, then we have, you know, five, five smart people, four smart people here, minus me. On this, I think maybe we just kind of marry our opinion and we go out the door with it, setting ourselves up for an A-B test, right? On whatever we're doing. But that language of like the stuff that Paul had me add into the investor deck with the McKinsey-esque type takeaways is probably going to make or break us as far as like we really give you a real decision. We're not going to give you, you know, analytics vomit. So anyway, the So how do we proceed, you guys? Like, do we, this is a long thing? Do we kill this video? Because Max is going to be pulling his hair out by this point, being like, what are these people talking about? That was for me, Max.

You could put it in front of Kyle really quick. Because I think he's... Kyle is a little too... Yeah, Kyle is a little too clueless. Maybe L? Well, that would give you the base of... No, Kyle's literally like... He's like, that's like putting...
